feat(New version of APM transactions UI page): adding mdx to refine on preview (#4558)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/apm-ui-pages/monitoring/find-performance-problems-apm-transactions-page.mdx

---
title: 'Find performance problems using the APM Transactions page'
tags:
  - APM
  - APM UI pages
  - Monitoring
translate:
  - jp

> metaDescription: APM's Transactions page shows app, browser, and other transaction details, average response time, and throughput.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metaDescription: APM's Transactions page identifies slow code paths in a service, showing key metrics over time such as response time, throughput, Apdex, and error rate, with details for each transaction.
```

redirects:
  - /docs/applications-menu/web-transactions
  - /docs/applications-menu/background-tasks
  - /docs/applications-menu/transactions-dashboard
  - /docs/apm/applications-menu/monitoring/transactions-dashboard
  - /docs/apm/applications-menu/monitoring/transactions-page
  - /docs/apm/applications-menu/monitoring/transactions-page-find-performance-problems
  - /docs/apm/applications-menu/monitoring/transactions-page-find-specific-performance-problems
  - /docs/apm/transactions/intro-transactions/transactions-page-find-specific-performance-problems
  - /docs/apm/apm-ui-pages/monitoring/transactions-page-find-specific-performance-problems
---

The APM **Transactions** page helps you identify transactions to look at more closely in order to troubleshoot performance problems and avoid errors. 

> In general, the longer a given transaction takes, and the more time it takes compared to other transactions, the more likely it is that it's a source of issues for a given app. Similarly, low throughput can be an indicator that not everything is working as it should. 

Reviewer: I'd expand on this a bit, since "issues" could mean a lot. Perhaps something like "Transactions that take more time than expected to complete are more likely to be a source of frustration for end users, or contribute to a failure to meet service level objectives (SLOs). Lower-than-expected throughput could also indicate a problem with traffic reaching a service, or insufficient resources to handle incoming requests."

> We recommend you make a habit of reviewing app performance data on the APM **Transactions** page more closely in order to scan for new issues and diagnose the cause of problems you're already aware of.

Reviewer: Maybe something here about using the page to "_learn_ how your service performs"? That learning idea comes up a lot when people try to define observability.

<Callout variant="tip">

>   At New Relic, a transaction is defined as one logical unit of work in a software application. For more information about transactions in the context of APM, see [Transactions in New Relic's APM](/docs/apm/transactions/intro-transactions/transactions-new-relic-apm/). 

Reviewer: I think this is probably a standard definition that Language folks have already reviewed, but I think some synonyms for Transaction are "endpoint" or "code path". Might be worth including those somewhere.

Author: We have a very complicated set of definitions here that another of our writers worked with a bunch of SMEs to lay out, so the place to address that would be by submitting a PR or issue proposing changes to /docs/apm/transactions/intro-transactions/transactions-new-relic-apm/ directly FYI. :)

Author: @rkbodenner ^^ just in case you want to pursue in a new PR or issue.

</Callout>

## Transactions page overview

Access the APM **Transactions** page by going to **[one.newrelic.com](https://one.newrelic.com) > APM > (select an app) > Monitor > Transactions**. 

![Screenshot showing ransactions page default view](./images/APM-transactions-page-default-view.jpg "Transactions page default view")

Find key performance metrics in the overview bar at the top of the **Transactions**. In the main chart, view the top five transactions by wall-clock time, visually arranged  according to how much time they took to complete. There's also clickable list of the top 20 transactions, a throughput graph, and a table of transaction traces. 

### Wall clock time [#wall_clock_time]

> Wall-clock time is the amount of time recorded by the clock. For APM transactions data, New Relic uses wall-clock time for all transactions and then calculates that value across all transactions.

Reviewer: "Wall-clock time is the amount of time recorded by the clock_, from when a request is received until it returns a response. This is different than CPU time, for example._"

For the second sentence: "New Relic calculates the sum of wall-clock time for all requests to a transaction, across all hosts and service instances. This sum is then broken down by transaction, to show how time is comparatively spent in each transaction."

> Note that the host can execute requests in parallel, with each counted separately in wall-clock time, so you may see percentages over 100.

Reviewer: "Note that the _instances of a service_ can execute requests in parallel..."

### Web versus Non-web transactions [#web-nonweb]

> Depending on your selected application, the **Transactions** page may include a dropdown you can use to select from the **Transaction type** dropdown. New Relic measures [processing time](/docs/apm/applications-menu/features/request-queuing-tracking-front-end-time) by type of request ([web transactions (app server requests)](/docs/using-new-relic/welcome-new-relic/getting-started/glossary#transaction) or [non-web transactions (all other requests, such as operations, background tasks, and similar)](/docs/using-new-relic/welcome-new-relic/getting-started/glossary#non-web-transaction)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on your selected application, the **Transactions** page may include a dropdown you can use to select from the **Transaction type** dropdown. New Relic measures [processing time](/docs/apm/applications-menu/features/request-queuing-tracking-front-end-time) by type of request ([web transactions (app server requests, usually using HTTP)](/docs/using-new-relic/welcome-new-relic/getting-started/glossary#transaction) or [non-web transactions (all other operations, such as message queue operations, background tasks, and similar)](/docs/using-new-relic/welcome-new-relic/getting-started/glossary#non-web-transaction)).
```

</Callout>

<CollapserGroup>
  <Collapser
    id="txn-type-dropdown"
    title="Change the displayed transaction type"
  >
    If the **Transaction type** dropdown appears above list of transactions, you can select your choice of transaction type. The available types depend on what transactions your application uses.
  </Collapser>

  <Collapser
    id="sort-definitions"
    title="Select the type of performance measurement (Sort by)"
  >
    The **Sort by** dropdown above the transaction list allows you to review transactions according to the following measurements.

    <table>
      <thead>
        <tr>
          <th style={{ width: "200px" }}>
            **Sort option**
          </th>

          <th>
            **Definition**
          </th>
        </tr>
      </thead>

      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>
            Most time consuming (default)
          </td>

          <td>

>             The transactions that consume the most total time. This is calculated by multiplying the number of times the transaction is called by the time the transaction took to complete. In other words, a short transaction called a large number of times or a long transaction called just a few times could both appear at the top of this ranking.

Reviewer: This is great!

          </td>
        </tr>

        <tr>
          <td>
            Slowest average response time
          </td>

          <td>
            The slowest transactions to complete. A transaction could be called only a few times, but if it is one of the longest transactions to finish, it would appear at the top of this ranking.
          </td>
        </tr>

        <tr>
          <td>
            Apdex most dissatisfying
          </td>

          <td>
            The transactions with the highest percentages of user dissatisfaction levels for the response time of your web apps and services ([Apdex](/docs/apm/new-relic-apm/apdex/apdex-measuring-user-satisfaction)).

>             The [dissatisfaction level](/docs/apm/new-relic-apm/apdex/view-your-apdex-score#apdex-dissat) is the difference between a perfect Apdex score (1.0) and your app's `apdex_t` ("tolerating") score, based on your [Apdex settings](/docs/apm/new-relic-apm/apdex/change-your-apdex-settings). Transactions that have the highest (worst) percentages appear at the top of this ranking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            The [dissatisfaction level](/docs/apm/new-relic-apm/apdex/view-your-apdex-score#apdex-dissat) is the difference between a perfect Apdex score (1.0) and your app's Apdex score, based on your [Apdex settings](/docs/apm/new-relic-apm/apdex/change-your-apdex-settings). Transactions that have the lowest (worst) Apdex scores appear at the top of this ranking.
```

There was a bug where the highest Apdex score got sorted to the top of this list, but we fixed that. Worst/lowest score on top.

          </td>
        </tr>

        <tr>
          <td>
            Throughput (requests per minute)
          </td>

          <td>

>             The amount of [throughput](/docs/using-new-relic/welcome-new-relic/getting-started/glossary#throughput) in operation requests per minute (RPM). Transactions that have the highest RPM appear at the top of this ranking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            The amount of [throughput](/docs/using-new-relic/welcome-new-relic/getting-started/glossary#throughput) in requests per minute (RPM). Transactions that have the highest RPM appear at the top of this ranking.
```

          </td>
        </tr>

      </tbody>
    </table>
  </Collapser>

  <Collapser
    id="chart-views"

>     title="View transaction data in different visual formats"

Reviewer: It's not just format, it's different measures of the same data set... maybe "View different measures of response time"? These options specifically aren't about error rate or throughput metrics, just response time.

  > 
    ![Screenshot showing selectors to change the chart.](./images/chart_type_selectors.png "chart_type_selectors.png")

>     The **Transaction** page's **Top web transactions** and **Top non-web transactions** charts, as well the **App performance** window for a selected transaction include options to view data as a [chart](/docs/using-new-relic/user-interface-functions/view-your-data/select-chart-views), [histogram](/docs/using-new-relic/user-interface-functions/view-your-data/histograms-view-data-distribution), or [percentile](/docs/using-new-relic/user-interface-functions/view-your-data/percentiles-compare-ranked-data). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The **Transaction** page's **Top web transactions** and **Top non-web transactions** charts, as well the **App performance** window for a selected transaction include options to view an [average response time breakdown](/docs/using-new-relic/user-interface-functions/view-your-data/select-chart-views), [histogram](/docs/using-new-relic/user-interface-functions/view-your-data/histograms-view-data-distribution), or [response time percentiles](/docs/using-new-relic/user-interface-functions/view-your-data/percentiles-compare-ranked-data). 
```

Author: I agree with this feedback but am having a little trouble figuring out how to translate into the needed edit. Will reach out so we can schedule some time, @rkbodenner.

>     In addition, click **Breakdown** table for a selected transaction to show or hide all segments of the breakdown data.

Reviewer: I think this refers to the "Show N more segments" link that shows up below the breakdown table? Maybe just cut this entirely.

Author: Okay, have cut the breakdown table para.

  </Collapser>

  <Collapser
    id="browser-data"
    title="Show corresponding browser request data"
  >
    If you haven't already, [install the browser agent](/docs/new-relic-browser/browser-settings) to view browser information. 
    

>     Then, to view corresponding [browser request](/docs/browser/new-relic-browser/additional-standard-features/page-views-understanding-your-sites-popularity) data, either click **Browser drill-down** or go to **[one.newrelic.com](https://one.newrelic.com) > Browser > (select an app) > Page views**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Then, to view corresponding [browser request](/docs/browser/new-relic-browser/additional-standard-features/page-views-understanding-your-sites-popularity) data, go to **[one.newrelic.com](https://one.newrelic.com) > Browser > (select an app) > Page views**.
```

We will need to add back the link from a transaction to its corresponding Browser page view, though it's not in scope at the moment. FYI @goldenplec

  </Collapser>

  <Collapser
    id="breakdown-table"

>     title="Identify transaction segments with high call counts or time"

Reviewer: This is a nice section to have!

</Callout>

Measurements included in the the **Show all transactions** table: 

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style={{ width: "150px" }}>
        **Measurement**
      </th>

      <th>
        **Definition**
      </th>
    </tr>
  </thead>

  <tbody>

    <tr>
      <td>
        **Total Time**
      </td>
      <td>
        The total amount of time taken by all transactions that occurred in the selected time range.
      </td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td>
        **Average**
      </td>
      <td>
        The average time taken by all transactions in the selected time range.
      </td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td>
        **Min**
      </td>
      <td>
        The time taken by the fastest transaction in the selected time range.
      </td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td>
        **Max**
      </td>
      <td>
        The time taken by the slowest transaction in the selected time range.
      </td>
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
      <td>
        **Median**
      </td>

      <td>
        The median time taken by all transactions in the selected time range.
      </td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td>
        **95th %**
      </td>
      <td>

>         DEFINITION NEEDED.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        95th percentile response time for transactions in the selected time range.
```

      </td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td>
        **99th %**
      </td>
      <td>

>         DEFINITION NEEDED.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                99th percentile response time for transactions in the selected time range.
```

      </td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td>
        **Apdex**
      </td>
      <td>
        The average Apdex score for all transactions that occurred in the selected time range.

        Apdex scores marked with an `*` asterisk indicate the agent collected fewer than 100 samples for that transaction name. Data for these transactions may be less accurate than data for transactions with higher throughput.
      </td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td>
        **Error rate**
      </td>
      <td>
        The error rate for all transactions in the selected time range.  
      </td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td>
        **Throughput**
      </td>
      <td>

>         The throughput rate measued in calls per minute. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The throughput rate measured in requests per minute. 
```

      </td>
    </tr>

  </tbody>
</table>

## Listing of page actions by use case [#more_tx_functions]

Here are some additional functions for the **Transactions** page's selected transaction. 

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th width={250}>
        **If you want to...**
      </th>

      <th>
        **Do this...**
      </th>
    </tr>
  </thead>

  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>

>         View transactions for operations and other background tasks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        View transactions for non-HTTP operations or background tasks
```

      </td>
      <td>
        Change the **Transaction type** to **Other transactions** (or a specific type listed), then select a specific transaction.
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>
        Add any chart on the main page or from the transaction details pane to a dashboard
      </td>
      <td>
        Click the ... at the top right of the chart and select **Add to dashboard**
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>
        Track a transaction that is important to your business
      </td>
      <td>

>         Select the transaction's name, then select [**Track as key transaction**](/docs/apm/transactions/key-transactions/introduction-key-transactions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Select the transaction's name, then select [**Track as key transaction**](/docs/apm/transactions/key-transactions/introduction-key-transactions). You can see Key Transactions from many different services in one place, and set distinct Apdex thresholds for them.
```

      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>
        View transaction trace details
      </td>
      <td>

>         A [transaction trace](/docs/using-new-relic/welcome-new-relic/getting-started/glossary#transaction-trace) is a complete picture of a single transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        A [transaction trace](/docs/using-new-relic/welcome-new-relic/getting-started/glossary#transaction-trace) is a complete picture of a single transaction request.
```
